  For my final project, I created a tiny house that gives the user information about the weather: temperature, cloud cover, and time of day. If the temperature is at or above 70 degrees, the fan turns on, and if it is at or below 45 degrees, the fireplace turns on. At night, a light turns on in the house. If it is sunny or partly cloudy outside, a solar panel lights up on the house.
  
  The project is useful because it give the user information they might need for the day. For example, if the house is sitting on someone's desk, and they notice the fan is on when they wake up in the morning, they might wear shorts that day. If the fireplace is on, they might decide to wear a jacket. Also, if the solar panel is on, the user might decide to bring sunglasses or a hat out with them.
  
  The project is also useless, because all of the information given by the tiny house could easily be found out by stepping outside. The project is a reflection of how in this age, we have access to so much information through our devices that we forget we can observe. We check weather apps in the morning instead of opening our window. The project turns the internet data that we read instead of looking at our surroundings into an observable visual. 
  
  While creating this project, I learned a lot about APIs, and realized how useful APIs are in turning software data into hardware outputs. I also found that modular coding became very important, because when I had to change my API, I could easily just change the link in some of my API coding files.
  
  Some issues that I faced during the process were the API not working and the laser engraver not working. Especially with the laser engraver being broken and the software being slow, I had to be very patient and willing to change some of my project ideas. I eventually got the engraver to work, but because it was having a hard time importing Adobe Illustrator files and the laser was very weak, I had to change the desired material of my tiny house opt to go with a premade file instead of trying to make a lot of adjustments on the house design.
  
  Throughout this project, I definitely realized that my dynamic work process was evident. I came up with an idea and goals for each week, but I made adjustments and planned the house design around the work I did in previous weeks. For example, I decided to do a solar panel instead of curtains after realizing that the curtains closing would cover the other lights, and I decided to size the house and decide on its design based on the size and build of my hardware. If this were to be a product on the market, having an adjustable house aesthetic could allow for a user to create a custom home (maybe one that models their own) that still gives them the same information (same electronic hardware).
  
  I decided to leave the hardware visible because I liked how the it gave the house a futuristic look. Spray painting everything white but still leaving it exposed made it look clean, but still allowed the user to see the electronics that powered the house. The LEDs stand out against the white, and having the house be plain allows for the light coming from inside the house at night to create a very cool glow, as the outside of the house creates interesting shadows around the outside.
  
  If I were to make improvements to this project, I would probably switch out the DC motor with a servo motor, and have the speed of the motor depend on the temperature, because then it could give more specific information (spinning faster for 90 degrees than it would for 70 degrees). I would also add more useful information, such as a possible wind turbine for wind speed and an indicator of rain (possibly a pull out porch cover). But then again, if the house were to give too much specific information, it would be just as useful as a weather app to see the current weather.
